chore: Update Noir Version Testing (#37)
noir-lang/noir_base64: README.md

A Base64 encoding/decoding library written in Noir which can encode arbitrary byte arrays into Base64 and decode Base64-encoded byte arrays (e.g. `"SGVsbG8gV29ybGQ=".as_bytes()`).

## Noir Version Compatibility

> This library is tested with all stable releases since 0.36.0 as well as nightly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library is tested with all Noir stable releases from v0.36.0.
```
